>>I noticed a streak of light
heading up towards the sky.
>>I saw this white light
shoot up in the sky.
>>There's something
going up in the sky.
>>This rocket went
up in the air.
>>And I seen this white
light, and I said, oh, someone
shot off a flare.
>>And it looked like
a flare going up.
>>>>[BACKGROUND MUSIC] I
think many people today
don't know what to
believe anymore.
>>People are basically
willing to keep on,
to help uncover what
really happened.
>>It felt like something
was watching me.
>>We weren't given
all the information.
We weren't told
the entire story.
>>GEORGE NOORY:
Well, welcome back
to another edition
of "Beyond Belief."
I'm George Noory here
in the Los Angeles
studios of Gaiam Television.
And with us is a very special
guest, a dear friend of ours
on "Coast to Coast AM" and noted
book author and researcher Jim
Sanders.
Jim, of course, has
written a couple of books,
including "First
Strike" and also
"The Downing of TWA Flight 800,"
that incredible story of what
had happened nearly
20 years ago.
A lot of us fly a lot.
I'm on probably 40
or 50 flights a year.
And you try to
imagine just what it's
like to be on a plane
that is going down,
and Jim, it's gotta be one of
the most frightening feelings
just to assume that.
>>JIM SANDERS: Yeah,
just incredible.
And what happens
to you as you start
dealing with-- since my wife was
with TWA when that went down,
and all the emotions surrounding
her as everything came in,
and they very quickly knew
that bad things were happening
with the federal government.
But that's at the
same time that they're
going from funeral to funeral.
She lived in New York.
We lived in Virginia, but
she lived in New York.
And they would take all
their extra uniforms.
And every time
there was a funeral,
a large representative number of
them would fly to each funeral.
So you can imagine what
that did to the morale
and the personal
thing that happened.
>>NOORY: I remember that night
that TWA Flight 800 went down.
And I was watching
CNN at the time.
And they came on.
They had a little statement
from Bill Clinton,
and they talked about it.
And the first thing
I said, Jim, was
there was a bomb on this
plane, or something exploded.
These things just don't go
down the way they go down.
And I never forgot that.
You must have felt the same way.
>>SANDERS: We came
home from dinner.
We were in California
at her mother's house.
And you know, we
lived in Virginia,
but we walk in the door, and
there it's all over the screen.
It had happened probably a
half hour before we got back.
And yeah, you know
that it is going to be
a criminal act of some kind.
The chances, just going
on logic and using
a little mathematical skill
from the old college days,
you know that you're looking at
probably about 99.9% certainty
that it's a nefarious
act of some sort.
>>NOORY: Yeah, we
knew that they finally
got another plane-- finally.
>>SANDERS: Right.
>>NOORY: And in this
particular case,
what led you to
start researching it?
I mean, because prior to that
what are some of the things
that you had done?
>>SANDERS: Oh, before
that, my first book
was "Soldiers of
Misfortune" in 1992.
And that was the book in which
I, a retired police officer,
turned Politico.
>>NOORY: Right.
>>SANDERS: And I left politics
because a Wall Street Journal
reporter gave me a
story about World War
II about the loss of 23,000
Americans to the Gulag.
They didn't know why.
And he'd given that story
to college professors,
and nobody was able to
come up with anything.
He says, hey, you're
a retired cop.
I'm going to give
you this story.
He gave me a lot of
information on it.
So anyway, that's
where I started.
That's where I began to learn
what the government does
to try to stop you
when you have something
that, even though
it's decades old,
they still don't
want it out there.
I assumed at that time that,
oh, well, I've got this story.
And they're going
to go, hey, thanks.
That got lost in the shuffle.
No way.
The battle that
then started, which
is why it was so
easy by the time
we got to Malaysian Air 360 and
Flight 800, for that matter,
to know very quickly that
the government was involved
in conduct to hide something.
100%, yeah.
>>NOORY: So when you
got into TWA Flight 800,
what was the catalyst for you?
I mean, you normally
didn't write
about planes that went down.
>>SANDERS: No, I
didn't want to write
about planes that went down.
>>NOORY: So what
got you into this?
Was it the fact that your
wife was with TWA at the time?
>>SANDERS: Right, she
and some of our friends--
well, I was getting input
from some of the people that
worked on the investigation that
would talk to people that she
knew.
And she was in a
position where she
knew a lot of pilots
and whatnot that were
working on the investigation.
And I kept hearing
what was going on,
and you can see that witnesses
were being cut out of anything
in the national media.
And so one day, I'm in Saint
Louis where she was working.
I walk in, and I
literally got ambushed
by probably a half a dozen
supervisors and managers
and whatnot.
They were standing there
talking about Flight 800
when I happened to
walk into the building.
And they really came after me.
I initially said, no, I'm
not going to investigate it,
because the FBI-- they'll
eventually get it right.
I just couldn't
believe at that time--
>>NOORY: You hoped.
>>SANDERS: Yeah, they'll
eventually get it right.
But then within a few weeks,
I did start investigating it
because they weren't
trying to get it right.
They clearly were not
So it was pressure from within
TWA that got me started.
>>NOORY: Ironically,
in Saint Louis, where
I hail most of the time
too, this plane, Flight 800,
was in Saint Louis and
was under some kind of dog
sniffing drug
exercise, was it not?
>>SANDERS: It wasn't, but
they allege that it was.
There was a 747 next to it.
There was Jack
Cashill in particular.
He co-authored my 2003 book,
"First Strike" with him.
He did some outstanding
legwork on that,
including interviewing
the handler of that dog.
And what we know beyond
any doubt was that that--
>>NOORY: Officer
Burnett was his name.
>>SANDERS: Yeah, I believe
that was his name, yes.
He was never on that
plane, Flight 800.
He was on the plane next to it.
>>NOORY: Because what
the government tried
to get us to believe
was that that plane had
bomb residue on it from
the test-- the dog sniffing
test, which you tell
us never happened.
>>SANDERS: Never happened.
And not only that, the
residue they're pulling off,
there's as much on the
outside of the plane
as the inside of the plane.
So it was just a bogus
story, but dominant media
had sold its soul by the time
we got to these kinds of things.
They had sold
theirselves to the feds,
and they simply
couldn't go back.
>>NOORY: Jim, take us on
that fateful day in July 1996
as TWA Flight 800 begins
to leave New York.
>>SANDERS: Right, it takes off
from New York and 12 minutes
later, after having a normal
climb out-- but then it
had to level off.
And let me give it to you in
the words of a key witness that
has never ever been talked
about by dominant media
or the government.
She was standing in
the West Hampton area
on the beach with her toes
in the water looking out,
watching Flight 800 climb
out coming towards her.
It would have been
out about eight
miles, eight and
a half miles out,
climbing towards her position.
And she sees it level off.
And then she sees it
start to climb again.
And then she says out of
the corner of her eye,
she sees a missile
coming up behind it.
And it looks like it's
going to miss Flight 800.
And then it turns in
and pops the plane.
And she said the
force of that blast--
because they start to
unfold before they actually
hit the plane-- hit
right where the leading
edge of the right wing
meets the fuselage.
Well, before I ever
saw her statement,
I had already analyzed
from the damage
that I was able to get a hold
of from my inside sources
that that's exactly
where it hit.
And then she-- this is
long before anybody else
knew that the front of
the plane, the cockpit,
coming back almost to the
leading edge of the wings
had broken off on its own.
And she said, yeah,
that's what happened.
So she described
perfectly what happened.
And there was another--
there was a fisherman,
a commercial fisherman.
His name escapes me
but really a good guy.
He is exactly due
west of the plane.
She is north of the plane.
He is west of the plane.
And he sees the
missile come up and hit
exactly where she describes it.
>>NOORY: Same thing.
>>SANDERS: And the
same events happen,
but the one thing he
adds that she didn't was
that the missile, the force of
the missile, its angle as it
came up through that 747, then
the force came out the top.
And it was like
McDonald's golden arches
coming out the top.
>>NOORY: Let's use this as an
example for a minute, shall we,
if you would, and demonstrate
to us what happened.
>>SANDERS: She's
over here, and she's
watching the missile
come up the right side,
look like it's going to
miss, come back, and hit
right there, right where
the leading edge hits.
And when you see the damage, you
see that the force of the flow
was that way.
And it comes up and
blows out the top.
So how did the government
manage to cover that up?
The floor, what's
called the center wing
tank, this whole area in
here is the fuel tank.
The floor of that,
they altered it,
and I have pictures
proving this.
They altered it by cutting
off the upward bending
pieces of the floor of
the center wing tank,
because of the blast from
external to internal.
They cut off the pieces that
were blown upwards and put
everything else back in there.
And you can see it.
Because I got arrested
for this, the judge
ordered them to let me have
three hours of taking photos.
I have photos of
where they cut it off.
I'm standing a couple feet
from where they made the cuts.
>>NOORY: So a missile
has-- was this-- could this
have been a rocket
launcher on your shoulder?
>>SANDERS: No.
The damage was far too great.
The altitude was too high.
And from a missile scientist,
a retired missile scientist,
who at that time that
I interviewed him down
in Virginia Beach, he
thought he was dying.
He thought he had
terminal cancer.
So he had no fears of the
government whatsoever.
And he took-- looked at
everything that I had,
including the elements from the
foam rubber piece that I got,
the forensic evidence
that I had developed.
And he said what this
is telling you is
that this was a Navy missile.
It's evidence of a solid fuel
missile because of this, this,
this, and this.
But unique to the Navy
in the entire world
was an incendiary warhead.
Nobody else had it in 1996.
And he says those are the
exact elements that you would
find in residue from an
incendiary warhead fired
by our own Navy.
>>NOORY: Now clearly,
clearly our Navy
didn't want to intentionally
take this plane down.
>>SANDERS: Oh no.
No, I can't imagine.
No.
>>NOORY: What do
you think happened?
>>SANDERS: I believe
that what happened--
and there's very
good evidence of it.
One thing we know
is that Ramzi Yousef
was on trial in the Southern
District of New York.
Manhattan Island.
>>NOORY: Mr Bojinka.
>>SANDERS: He had run-- well,
the FBI ran a scam on him.
He got a cellphone that he
was using from inside prison
to call the Middle East to
tell them that he needed to,
on that exact date, he needed
to have an airliner blown out
of the sky inside of New
York because his trial wasn't
going well, and that
would cause a mistrial.
>>NOORY: Right.
How bizarre is that?
>>SANDERS: And the FBI,
he was using a language
that they didn't
immediately have
people to do the translation.
So I'm not sure what
the time element was,
but they later
found out about it,
that that is what he
had done that day.
So he orders it.
It happens.
Gee, wouldn't that
put you about 99.999%
certain that it was a missile?
What happened was the Navy
was out there in force.
And as part of a prevent,
they had a brand new system
that they were just--
>>NOORY: So they weren't
out there doing exercises
or anything like that.
>>SANDERS: No.
>>NOORY: They were there to
prevent a hijacking, bombing
of a plane, missile.
>>SANDERS: Right.
And having exercises as
their official reason
for being out there.
And there is evidence--
It's not overwhelming,
but there's evidence that they
had a plane to take a shot at,
and the missile went through TWA
800 to try to get to the plane.
Because you have
an onshore witness,
and you have an airborne witness
that gives you the evidence
that a plane was in the area.
>>NOORY: Another plane?
>>SANDERS: Another
plane was in the area.
It was seen by a Navy senior
NCO who was on a US Air flight.
It almost hit him directly.
>>NOORY: What kind
of plane was it?
>>SANDERS: It was a twin engine.
And this is all
they can describe.
He says it came within about
300 feet of his seat, literally.
As US Air 217 is--
>>NOORY: Was this plane
supposed to ram TWA Flight 800?
>>SANDERS: Yeah, I think if
this was the target plane--
and I personally think
it was-- this guy,
he's looking for his
72 virgins, which
was the stories they were
telling at that time.
And he sees that he's about
to ram a very small plane--
because US Air 217 is a
commuter plane-- at 21,000 feet.
And he goes underneath it.
So he either deliberately
missed or accidentally missed.
TWA Flight 800, this big
ol' wide body humping
down there about another
6- 7,000 feet below.
>>NOORY: Was the target
of this plane, right?
>>SANDERS: Ended up
being the target.
It dives, and we
have a shore witness
that sees a plane diving on TWA
Flight 800 from the left side,
making a high G turn.
>>NOORY: Oh my gosh.
This is a comedy of horror here.
>>SANDERS: Yeah.
And so you have this missile
coming on the right side that's
chasing this other plane.
>>NOORY: Was this a suicide
mission of this plane?
>>SANDERS: Oh yeah, absolutely.
>>NOORY: Of the other plane?
>>SANDERS: Right.
And facts unfolded then.
Because there is equal evidence
of another significant event
on the other side of the
plane, from the other side
of the left wing, and underside.
And again, I was right there
within-- I could touch where
these things were happening.
>>NOORY: What happened
to that plane?
Did it indeed hit
TWA Flight 800?
>>SANDERS: Well, it didn't,
but it disintegrated.
It disintegrated.
Either another missile
hit it, or the guy--
>>NOORY: Which was
the original target--
>>SANDERS: Ignited.
>>NOORY: By the Navy?
They were out
there to shoot down
what they thought was a plane
that was going to hit a plane.
>>SANDERS: Right.
>>NOORY: That missile ended
up hitting TWA Flight 800.
>>SANDERS: Right.
If you get into any
other scenario-- which
I don't want to-- then
the Navy looks much worse.
This is the one that
the Navy looks the best.
>>NOORY: Right.
>>SANDERS: Now, I got a
hold of some documents
through a friend of
mine, now deceased, who
was a reporter, that
he got from the Navy,
and they had redacted one
full paragraph of this report.
And I, a few years
later, filed to get
that redacted information.
And I now have Navy
paperwork that tells me
that they destroyed all
TWA documents in July 2003.
And this was a--
>>NOORY: Oh, that's dramatic.
>>SANDERS: And what we know
is that this paragraph was
describing the ships that
were in the immediate area,
according to the Navy's own
documents, of TWA Flight 800.
We know that's
what was redacted.
>>NOORY: Why can't
they come out and just
simply tell us the truth?
How many people would get upset?
You know, it would
be shocking to hear,
but I think the American
people, Jim, would appreciate
government saying--
Listen to me,
there was an attack
on that plane,
and our Navy was
out there because we
had prior information
that something was
going to happen to some plane.
And we had missiles
ready to do this.
And our missile
took the plane down.
It was going to go down anyway.
It was going to get hit by this
other plane, but we did it.
It was a horrible accident.
Why can't they just say that?
>>SANDERS: Well, initially,
and it's taken me years--
>>NOORY: Because wouldn't
you accept that more
as an American?
Wouldn't you say, you know what?
I'm not happy about it--
>>SANDERS: If they had
done it on a timely basis.
>>NOORY: Right away.
Right away.
>>SANDERS: Right, well--
>>NOORY: Same with the plane
that I think they shot down
in Pennsylvania during 911.
>>SANDERS: Absolutely.
I started to investigate that,
but that's another story.
You're absolutely
right on that one.
The one in Pennsylvania took a
missile without any question.
But every minute that
ticked by in which the White
House did not fess up that--
>>NOORY: It got worse.
>>SANDERS: And the
initial decision
they made-- and we know this.
Fox News was a brand
new organization,
but they had a three person crew
out on Long Island that night.
A marine major came up to the
leader of that three person
group-- it was a lady--
and confided in her,
not for attribution, that the
White House had been given
a look busy but stand
down for 48 hours
while we decide how we're
going to handle this.
So right there you
know that a-- the most
Machiavellian bunch
ever in history,
and they made a decision.
They clearly made a decision.
There's a presidential
election going on right
now that we lose control of.
Right now, we're
doing pretty good.
We lose control if we
go ahead and fess up.
So we'll just let things
slide for a while.
And they let things slide.
It was August.
And there's a precise
day in August.
As I recall, it was
August 12th in which
Jim Kallstrom, the head of the
FBI, part of the investigation,
was given marching
orders that it
was going to be a mechanical.
>>NOORY: That's the
conclusion they wanted.
>>SANDERS: Right.
And we know who
gave him the orders.
It was from the
Department of Justice.
He was given very-- there
was a very senior-- I think
it was the number two
person, as I recall,
at the Department of
Justice-- I'm not remembering
her name right now--
who was put in charge
of making all this happen.
>>NOORY: What a sad event.
>>SANDERS: Yeah,
a very sad event.
>>NOORY: We're coming
up now on 20 years.
>>SANDERS: 20 years in July.
Yeah, it's never going--
>>NOORY: July of 16, I guess.
>>SANDERS: Right.
17.
July 17, 1996, so
it would take--
there's things I
can't say right now,
things that I know but I
can't talk about right now,
and won't be able to, probably,
for another couple of years.
>>NOORY: We can't beat it
out of you with bamboo?
>>SANDERS: You probably could,
because I can't stand pain.
>>NOORY: Jim, during
this investigation,
you got in trouble.
You got in trouble because
you had some evidence.
You had some samples.
Tell me about what
happened there.
>>SANDERS: I had
multiple informants
on the inside,
one that was right
next to Louis Freeh, the
head of the FBI, I mean,
in his inner circle, that
was feeding me information.
But I had one.
We called him "Hangerman."
It was Terry Stacey.
It came out eventually.
He handled all 747
pilots, so he became
part of the investigation
as a TWA person.
And when I was looking
for people on the inside,
I would talk to the
folks inside TWA
that knew all the
people that were
from TWA that were in there.
And he was the person
that was pointed out to me
as don't bother going to him.
He is so straight arrow.
He'll never give up anything.
So that's my man right there.
And over a period of time
talking to him on the phone--
Liz introduced us on the phone.
And talking to him, within a
few weeks he said, I've had it.
And literally, this
was almost a quote.
I have had it.
There's a cover up going on.
Yeah, let's get
together and talk.
And from there, he
started giving me
documents that showed what
was going on on the inside.
And eventually he
goes, there is a path
of residue across TWA
Flight 800 in the seats
that were recovered.
It's a reddish orange, and it's
in rows 17, 18, and 19, maybe
some other places.
17, 18, 19 is right where--
>>NOORY: Right where it is.
Right where it exploded.
>>SANDERS: Right
where the missile hit.
Yeah.
And a reddish orange?
Hmm?
I said, let's see, when
you see missile shots
and the residue coming
out of the back end
of solid fuel
missiles, that's kind
of reddish orange at night.
And from there, I
started developing it.
And then one day he said to me
that if you'll get it tested,
I'll get you a sample.
I had a First
Amendment lawyer that
was on the payroll of the Press
Enterprise here in California.
That guy was
monitoring what I did
before we put
anything out having
to do with my investigation.
That lawyer, that's what this
job was-- First Amendment.
That's his whole job--
freedom of the press.
That's all it was.
He said two things-- one,
everything you're doing
is legal, and here's
how to keep it legal.
And then the second
was, everything
I'm telling you has no merit
if they're out of control,
if the Justice Department and
the FBI are out of control.
>>NOORY: If they want you,
they're going to get to you.
>>SANDERS: They're
going to get you.
But you're doing it legal.
And if this is just
an investigation where
they're screwing up
and don't realize it,
and you catch them in the
act and that kind of thing,
you'll be fine.
But otherwise, you are
going to get run over.
>>NOORY: And you got run over.
>>SANDERS: And I got run over,
and my wife got run over.
>>NOORY: Yeah, she did too.
She did too.
You said she was
based in Saint Louis.
Did she live out that way?
>>SANDERS: Yeah, well, she was
actually based in New York,
but she was on semi-permanent
assignment in Saint Louis.
>>NOORY: That was
the hub for a while.
>>SANDERS: Right.
She gave recurrent training
to all the flight attendants
and pilots.
There was a section that the
pilots did every year, too,
and the flight attendants did.
So that's where she was working.
>>NOORY: She probably
knows a lot of people
I know who were with TWA.
>>SANDERS: Yeah, virtually
everyone that was on there.
>>NOORY: And they also about
the old Ozark Airlines,
merged that in with
everything else.
>>SANDERS: Right.
>>NOORY: So the bottom line here
was, in your opinion, a Navy
missile by accident trying to
shoot down another plane that,
ironically, was
trying to take down
a plane that turned out
to be TWA Flight 800,
took down TWA Flight 800.
Now here's my question.
Had the Navy not
been there, do you
think that these terrorists
who had this two engine plane
would have been successful in
taking down TWA Flight 800?
They would have crashed?
>>SANDERS: Yes.
See, the Navy had
this, what's called
a CEC program, cooperative
engagement capability, that all
this wonderful technology
was coming together--
the software and the hardware.
CEC was designed
so that they could
steam into any area of the world
and conduct major operations--
shooting down planes.
And there could be commercial
airliners in there,
because remember when
they accidentally
shot down the plane
over in the Middle East?
And so this was the
answer to that problem.
And it was in its final
stages before being signed off
for combat.
This is July of 1996.
It went away as a program
right after this happened.
And it was only in the last
year that it got signed off.
So--
>>NOORY: You know,
that's another one.
>>SANDERS: And the
"Seawolf," which
was a submarine that was
going through its last stages
of whatever it is the Navy
does before it accepts a ship,
it had an underwater
capability for firing
anti-aircraft missiles--
first time in the history.
The Navy has never
admitted that it had it,
but I had the missile expert
who was dying of cancer,
he thought, at the time.
He had had an above top secret
clearance into these programs.
And he goes, wait a minute.
I know the chief
of a boat that now
works for, I think
it was Sperry over
in Charlottesville, Virginia.
And he would know
all about this.
And so he calls him up.
And I'm there with my
lawyer, at the time,
a friendly lawyer from my
political days who was there.
And we could hear both
ends of the conversation.
And he, the lawyer-- I
still have the notes.
He was taking notes
of what was going on.
The chief of the boat,
without any hesitation,
says, oh yeah. "Seawolf's"
got this wonderful thing,
and it's a swivel tube
fired from underwater,
and it hooks into
the CEC system.
And he goes on and on about it.
And so we got that
information from there.
I guarantee you it was
part of the operation that
failed that night.
It went back to port.
There were a few
little articles that
said the software program--
combat software program had
massively failed, which I
believe that to be correct.
And I knew somebody on the
base in Groton, Connecticut--
Gro-tun, Grott-un,
whatever it was
called-- Groton, Connecticut,
that kept track of that boat
for me.
And it was under wraps and
being massively overhauled
in some manner for
about six months.
>>NOORY: Well, didn't
somebody also report
seeing a Navy ship
fleeing the area?
>>SANDERS: Yes.
>>NOORY: Rather than coming to
this crash site near the ocean?
>>SANDERS: Right, and somebody
from within the government
sent me the radar tapes.
There were some radar
tapes out there.
Sent me some really
detailed radar tapes.
I can't divulge who that
person was, obviously.
I get it.
I'm on the phone trying to get
explanations because there is
an obvious Navy presence there.
You see ships in formation.
You see the cruise
missiles that are
in this pretend exercise
that are going out there
in attack mode.
And you see the CEC, the radars,
the Aegis radars light up
like balloons out
there and then go down
to where you can't
see them anymore.
All this stuff is going
on, and here comes
Flight 800 in the middle of it.
Flight 800 gets shot down.
There are actually
three blips showing
a missile coming after it.
And that's picked up by
three different radar--
civilian radars.
>>NOORY: I guess, and I've
got to tell you, Jim, it's
sobering.
It's sad but sobering to know
that it was an accidental shoot
down as opposed to
believing that terrorists
were on some boat and were
able to take it down that way.
>>SANDERS: Well, I'm
absolutely certain that it
was political expediency
that caused the order
to be given to the Navy.
I don't think the Navy
on its own-- it couldn't.
In fact, I don't think, I
know the Navy on its own
couldn't make this happen.
It could have only come out
of the National Security
Council that's headed by
the President and the Vice
President.
>>NOORY: And I would
assume, had the two engine
plane been successful to
collide with TWA Flight
800 with the Navy
not even there,
that they would have said it
was just a midair collision.
I don't think they
would have said
it was a plot by Ramzi Yousef.
>>SANDERS: Oh, I can't
imagine that they would have
ever, ever admitted to that.
>>NOORY: Has anybody
ever gotten to Ramzi?
I mean, he's still in jail.
>>SANDERS: Oh, yes.
Who's the author?
He's been on your program
several times as I recall.
>>NOORY: Peter Lance.
>>SANDERS: Peter Lance, right.
He got to him and
has at least one
really nice book out on the
subject, from many years
ago, obviously.
Yeah, he did some
really great invest--
>>NOORY: He didn't
admit everything.
Mr Yousef kind of held back.
Peter's got his own theories.
>>SANDERS: Yeah,
we know for certain
that he was calling
the Middle East.
>>NOORY: Because
of Greg Scarpa Jr,
I think, who was right
next to him in a cell.
>>SANDERS: Right, exactly.
And getting those
transcripts, I imagine
it would be the
50th anniversary.
50 years right now
is the cutoff date.
If anything past 50
years that doesn't
have to do with nuclear, it's
supposed to be an automatic.
I can tell you from
recent experience
that when I filed certain
mandatory requests here
within the last year, that
the feds ran over to Congress
and were trying to
get it extended.
Because--
>>NOORY: They don't
want to get it out.
Good work, by the way.
>>SANDERS: OK, thanks.
>>NOORY: Jim Sanders,
he's out there.
He's a watchdog.
He took the heat for his
work on TWA Flight 800,
but it's a straight,
compelling story,
and I'm glad you heard part
of it here on "Beyond Belief."
Thank you for watching.